CMake: Module support: refactor installation logic and paths (#18731)
dealii/dealii: module/CMakeLists.txt

    endif()

    # Define the library. Compile it with the usual flags we also use for
    # all other targets, but do set the DEAL_II_BUILDING_CXX20_MODULE
    # preprocessor variable for a small number of cases where we need to
    # work around things that work differently between module and
    # non-module builds.
    add_library(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase} SHARED)
    populate_target_properties(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase} ${build})
    target_compile_definitions(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase}
      PRIVATE "DEAL_II_BUILDING_CXX20_MODULE"
      )

    #
    # Say what the source files for the library are. These are all of
    # the interface and implementation partition units we have created
    # above (including the ones that wrap external libraries), plus
    # the primary interface unit.
    #

    target_sources(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase}
      PUBLIC
      FILE_SET module_interface_units
      TYPE CXX_MODULES
      FILES
        ${_interface_module_partition_units}
        ${_primary_module_interface_unit}
      BASE_DIRS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/interface_module_partitions"

>       )

Reviewer: This is interesting here. You are declaring the source files for either the debug or release library, but you re-use the same `FILE_SET` name for both. Does this work?

Ah, see, my comment below.

Author: Yup! I tried by hand to convince myself that this is indeed true :smile:

>     # Workaround an issue with CMake 4.0.3 (and possible earlier) where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Work around an issue with CMake 3.28.3 ... 4.0.3 (and possible later) where the
```

    # export() logic loses one of the BASE_DIRS. Thus, record the following
    # files separately
    target_sources(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase}
      PUBLIC
      FILE_SET external_module_interface_units
      TYPE CXX_MODULES
      FILES ${_external_interface_module_partition_units}
      BASE_DIRS "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/interface_module_partitions"
      )

    target_sources(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase}
      PRIVATE
      FILE_SET module_implementation_units
      TYPE CXX_MODULES
      FILES
        ${_implementation_module_partition_units}
      BASE_DIRS ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}
      )

    target_sources(${DEAL_II_TARGET_NAME}_module_${build_lowercase}
      PUBLIC
      FILE_SET headers
      TYPE HEADERS

>       FILES ${_dealii_macros_header}

Reviewer: I take it that the semantics of `FILE_SET` here is that it *adds* the files to the existing file set handle `headers`? That would also explain why you can re-use the same name for both debug and release libraries above. Indeed, I find this:
```
FILE_SET <set>

The name of the file set to create or add to. It must contain only letters, numbers and underscores. Names starting with a capital letter are reserved for built-in file sets predefined by CMake. The only predefined set names are those matching the acceptable types. All other set names must not start with a capital letter or underscore.
```
Don't you love special rules such as upper/lower-case variable names...
